[IMP] Sales: New overage language in Invoicing Policy (#19107)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/invoicing_policy.rst

.. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-order-lines.png
   :alt: How to see delivered and invoiced quantities on Odoo Sales.

.. note::
   If a greater quantity of a product or service is being delivered than what has been invoiced, the
   overage appears in red, and the option to invoice any overages is enabled by default.

   .. image:: invoicing_policy/create-invoices-popup-form.png
      :alt: Create invoice(s) pop-up form that appears in Odoo Sales.

Invoice delivered quantity workflow
-----------------------------------

Confirm that the product's invoicing policy is set to :guilabel:`Delivered quantities` in the
product form. :ref:`Create a quotation and sales order <sales/create_quotations/create-quotation>`
as normal. After the sales order is confirmed, the product must be delivered before an invoice can
be created.

> Once the product has been shipped and delivery has been confirmed, click the :icon:`fa-building-o`

Reviewer: Out of curiosity, is this the icon used in the Delivery smart button when this workflow is run? I just noticed this, and in any experience I've had with the Delivery smart button, it's been a truck icon.

Author: Ah, good catch! No, it should have been the truck. That was a mistake leftover from a job where the building icon denoted that a setting applied to the current company in a multi-company database and not to all of them.

.. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-order-lines.png
   :alt: How to see delivered and invoiced quantities on Odoo Sales.

.. note::
   If a greater quantity of a product or service is being delivered than what has been invoiced, the

>    overage appears in red and the option to invoice any overages is enabled by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   overage appears in red, and the option to invoice any overages is enabled by default.
```

   .. image:: invoicing_policy/create-invoices-popup-form.png
      :alt: Create invoice(s) pop-up form that appears in Odoo Sales.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
deleting extra blank lines

Invoice delivered quantity workflow
-----------------------------------

Confirm that the product's invoicing policy is set to :guilabel:`Delivered quantities` in the
product form. :ref:`Create a quotation and sales order <sales/create_quotations/create-quotation>`

> as normal. After the sales order has been confirmed, the product must be delivered before an invoice

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as normal. After the sales order is confirmed, the product must be delivered before an invoice
```
